README.md, before:

# detect-case

> Detects the casing of the input string (camelcase, lowercase, snakecase etc).

Please consider following this project's author, [Jon Schlinkert](https://github.com/jonschlinkert), and consider starring the project to show your :heart: and support.

## Install

Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) :

```sh
$ npm install --save detect-case
```

## Usage

The main export is a function that takes a string as the only argument. To ensure correct results, don't pass a string with whitespace.

```js
const detect = require('detect-case');

console.log(detect('foo')); // lowercase
console.log(detect('FOO')); // uppercase
console.log(detect('Foo')); // titlecase
console.log(detect('FooBar')); // pascalcase
console.log(detect('fooBar')); // camelcase
console.log(detect('foo_bar')); // snakecase
console.log(detect('FOO_BAR')); // uppersnake
```

## About

<details>
<summary><strong>Contributing</strong></summary>

Pull requests and stars are always welcome. For bugs and feature requests, [please create an issue](../../issues/new).

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong>Running Tests</strong></summary>

Running and reviewing unit tests is a great way to get familiarized with a library and its API. You can install dependencies and run tests with the following command:

```sh
$ npm install && npm test
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong>Building docs</strong></summary>

_(This project's readme.md is generated by [verb](https://github.com/verbose/verb-generate-readme), please don't edit the readme directly. Any changes to the readme must be made in the [.verb.md](.verb.md) readme template.)_

To generate the readme, run the following command:

```sh
$ npm install -g verbose/verb#dev verb-generate-readme && verb
```

</details>

### Author

**Jon Schlinkert**

* [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/jonschlinkert)
* [Twitter Profile](https://twitter.com/jonschlinkert)
* [LinkedIn Profile](https://linkedin.com/in/jonschlinkert)

### License

Copyright © 2021, [Jon Schlinkert](https://github.com/jonschlinkert).
Released under the MIT License.

***

_This file was generated by [verb-generate-readme](https://github.com/verbose/verb-generate-readme), v0.8.0, on February 19, 2021._

Commit message:

add contributing.md, test.yml

README.md, after:

# detect-case [![NPM monthly downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/detect-case.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/detect-case) [![NPM total downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/detect-case.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/detect-case) [![Tests](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/detect-case/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/detect-case/actions/workflows/test.yml)

> Detects the casing of the input string (camelcase, lowercase, snakecase etc).

Please consider following this project's author, [Jon Schlinkert](https://github.com/jonschlinkert), and consider starring the project to show your :heart: and support.

## Install

Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) :

```sh
$ npm install --save detect-case
```

## Usage

The main export is a function that takes a string as the only argument. To ensure correct results, don't pass a string with whitespace.

```js
const detect = require('detect-case');

console.log(detect('foo')); // lowercase
console.log(detect('FOO')); // uppercase
console.log(detect('Foo')); // titlecase
console.log(detect('FooBar')); // pascalcase
console.log(detect('fooBar')); // camelcase
console.log(detect('foo_bar')); // snakecase
console.log(detect('FOO_BAR')); // uppersnake
console.log(detect('1223344')); // unknown
```

## About

<details>
<summary><strong>Contributing</strong></summary>

Pull requests and stars are always welcome. For bugs and feature requests, [please create an issue](../../issues/new).

Please read the [contributing guide](.github/contributing.md) for advice on opening issues, pull requests, and coding standards.

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong>Running Tests</strong></summary>

Running and reviewing unit tests is a great way to get familiarized with a library and its API. You can install dependencies and run tests with the following command:

```sh
$ npm install && npm test
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong>Building docs</strong></summary>

_(This project's readme.md is generated by [verb](https://github.com/verbose/verb-generate-readme), please don't edit the readme directly. Any changes to the readme must be made in the [.verb.md](.verb.md) readme template.)_

To generate the readme, run the following command:

```sh
$ npm install -g verbose/verb#dev verb-generate-readme && verb
```

</details>

### Author

**Jon Schlinkert**

* [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/jonschlinkert)
* [Twitter Profile](https://twitter.com/jonschlinkert)
* [LinkedIn Profile](https://linkedin.com/in/jonschlinkert)

### License

Copyright © 2021, [Jon Schlinkert](https://github.com/jonschlinkert).
Released under the MIT License.

***

_This file was generated by [verb-generate-readme](https://github.com/verbose/verb-generate-readme), v0.8.0, on February 19, 2021._
